header:
    name
    profession: BACK-END WEB DEVELOPER / NODE JS DEVELOPER

contact:
    address: 251-D Prudecio St. Sampaloc, Manila
    phone , email address
    website: https://jerrycram21.github.io/marcportfolio/
    LinkedIn

Professional Summary:
Logical and results-driven Web Developer dedicated to building and
optimizing user-focused websites for customers with various business
objectives with more than 3 years of experience in back-end web development.
Passionate, hardworking coder, great team player and analytical problem
solver with calm and focused demeanor.

Work History:
    Job title: Jr. Web Developer
    Employer: SysNet Integrators, Inc.
    City: Makati, City
    Start - End Date: Sep 2017 - Current
    What did you do?
        Designs, implements and monitors web pages, plugins and functionality for continuous improvement.
        Research new technologies and software packages for use in website projects.
        Collaborates with in-house front-end developers to create sleek and innovative UI/UX.
        Reviews code to validate structures, assess security and verify browser, device and operating system compatibility.
        Optimizes codes for speed and performance.
        Takes concepts and produces design mockups and prototypes to strengthen designs, enhance user experiences and improve site interactions.
        Collaborates with IT team, front-end, IOS and android developers, representing web team to establish project goals, projections and milestones.
        Plans and engineers RESTful APIs to manipulate dynamic datasets on a project collaboration.
        Creates 2-3 projects per year with a team on an agile methodology as practice.
        Develops landing pages, dashboards, ride hailing applications, WiFi/data calling, live chat, online applications and REST APIs using Node.js for web applications, MySQL/PostgreSQL for databases and Nginx for web server.

Skills:
    Agile Workflow
    Fast Learner
    Interpersonal
    Web Analytics
    Technical Analysis
    Testing and Debugging
    Back-end
    Front-end basics

Education Summary:
    Primary: General Licerio Geronimo Elementary School (2003-2009)
    Secondary: Sta. Catalina College (2009-2013)
    Tertiary: UST Angelicum College, BSCS (2013-2017)
        Dean's List 1st year 1st semester 2013 and 4th year 1st semester 2017
        Received 2-time 50% scholarship (Dean's Lister)
        Awarded Best Thesis titled: Web-Based Occupational Interest Schedule for Angelicum College Guidance Counseling Department

Languages, Frameworks, Libraries, Tools:
    HTML5 / CSS3 / JS / Linux(uses C language),
    Node.js & Express.js ,
    jQuery / Bootstrap / NPM(libraries of node js),
    NginX(web server, reverse proxy, load balancer, mail proxy and HTTP cache), 
    Git(version control system that keep track of your source code history)/
    Github(cloud-based hosting service that lets you manage Git repositories)/
    Gitlab(more focused on offering a features-based system with a centralized, integrated platform for web developers) , 
    Docker(Container tools that deploys as one package), , Ms Visual Studio Code/Sublime(code editors)
